## W9
Developed idea 26/04/22  
Present: Jack, Simran, Antonio, Giaan, Kazlani, Wei-ming

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
Created outline of modules  1/05/22  
Present: Jack, Simran, Antonio, Giaan, Kazlani, Wei-ming  
Location: Discord   

Meeting Purpose:  
Discuss the concept of the project and identifying the modules required.   
The following modules were created in the meeting so to get things started:
1. Integration (will be done by Antonio)
2. Reading distance from lidar (will be done by Kousha)
3. Cleaning data
4. Update inventory system 
5. Interface GUI (input/output) & inventory storage (will be done by Giaan)
6. Orientation of the sensor - including above and below shelf (will be done by Wei-Ming)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  


